### @baseUrl = http://localhost:5050

@baseUrl = http://192.168.1.226:9101
@weekOffset = 0
@dayIndex = 0
@recipeId = 5df6b7da-4537-4b06-bae6-e8278ce2d1a9

### Get schedule for a week
# Returns 7 days with planned recipes (or null if unplanned) for the specified weekOffset.
# weekOffset=0 is this week, 1 is next week, -1 is last week.
GET {{baseUrl}}/api/schedule?weekOffset={{weekOffset}}
Accept: application/json

### Lock the weekly schedule
# Sets all calendar events for the week to 'Locked' status.
# Side effects:
#   - Purges all recipe votes for the week
#   - Updates last_cooked_date on all planned recipes
POST {{baseUrl}}/api/schedule/lock?weekOffset={{weekOffset}}
Accept: application/json

### Assign recipe to a day
# Assigns (or updates) a recipe to a specific day in the week.
# Creates a new CalendarEvent if none exists for that date.
POST {{baseUrl}}/api/schedule/assign
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "weekOffset": {{weekOffset}},
  "dayIndex": {{dayIndex}},
  "recipeId": "{{recipeId}}",
  "recipeName": "Homemade Lasagna",
  "recipeImage": "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1574894709920-11b28e7367e3"
}

### Move recipe between days
# Swaps recipes between two day slots within the same week.
# fromIndex and toIndex are 0-6 (Mon-Sun).
POST {{baseUrl}}/api/schedule/move
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "weekOffset": {{weekOffset}},
  "fromIndex": 0,
  "toIndex": 2
}

### Get smart defaults for week
# Returns consensus-voted recipes and open slots for planning.
# Only shows recipes that hit the consensus threshold.
# Locks are applied only for unanimous votes (all family members voted Like).
GET {{baseUrl}}/api/schedule/{{weekOffset}}/smart-defaults
Accept: application/json

### Fill the gap
# Returns 5 recipes with high family interest that haven't been cooked recently.
# Used to populate quick-pick recommendations.
GET {{baseUrl}}/api/schedule/fill-the-gap
Accept: application/json
